## Checks for [testpkgnogp (v0.0.0.9000)]()

git hash: [](/tree/)

Package is already on CRAN
- :heavy_multiplication_x: does not have a 'codemeta.json' file.
- :heavy_multiplication_x: does not have a 'contributing' file.
- :heavy_multiplication_x: The following function has no documented return value: [test_fn]
- :heavy_check_mark: uses 'roxygen2'.
- :heavy_multiplication_x: 'DESCRIPTION' does not have a URL field.
- :heavy_multiplication_x: 'DESCRIPTION' does not have a BugReports field.
- :heavy_multiplication_x: Package has no HTML vignettes
- :heavy_multiplication_x: These functions do not have examples: [test_fn].
- :heavy_multiplication_x: Continuous integration checks unavailable (no URL in 'DESCRIPTION').
- :heavy_check_mark: All goodpractice linters passed.
- :heavy_multiplication_x: Default GitHub branch of 'master' is not acceptable.
- :heavy_multiplication_x: Some statistical standards are missing
- :heavy_multiplication_x: This package still has TODO standards and can not be submitted
- :heavy_multiplication_x: Statistical standards should be documented in most package files, yet are mostly only documented in one file.

**Important:** All failing checks above must be addressed prior to proceeding

Package License: GPL-3

---

### 1. rOpenSci Statistical Standards ([`srr` package](https://github.com/ropensci-review-tools/srr))

This package is in the following category:

- *Regression and Supervised Learning*

:heavy_multiplication_x: This package still has TODO standards and can not be submitted
Package can not be submitted because the following standards [v0.2.0] are missing from your code:

G1.0
G1.4a
G1.6
G2.0a
G2.1a
G2.2
G2.3a
G2.3b
G2.4
G2.4a
G2.4b
G2.4c
G2.4d
G2.4e
G2.5
G2.6
G2.7
G2.8
G2.9
G2.10
G2.11
G2.12
G2.13
G2.14
G2.14a
G2.14b
G2.14c
G2.15
G2.16
G3.0
G3.1
G3.1a
G4.0
G5.0
G5.1
G5.2
G5.2a
G5.2b
G5.3
G5.4
G5.4a
G5.4b
G5.4c
G5.5
G5.6
G5.6a
G5.6b
G5.7
G5.8
G5.8a
G5.8b
G5.8c
G5.8d
G5.9
G5.9a
G5.9b
G5.10
G5.11
G5.11a
G5.12
RE1.0
RE1.2
RE1.3
RE1.3a
RE1.4
RE2.0
RE2.1
RE2.3
RE2.4
RE2.4a
RE2.4b
RE3.0
RE3.1
RE3.2
RE4.0
RE4.1
RE4.2
RE4.3
RE4.5
RE4.6
RE4.7
RE4.8
RE4.9
RE4.10
RE4.11
RE4.12
RE4.13
RE4.14
RE4.15
RE4.16
RE4.17
RE4.18
RE5.0
RE6.0
RE6.1
RE6.2
RE6.3
RE7.0
RE7.0a
RE7.1
RE7.1a
RE7.2
RE7.3
RE7.4

Statistical standards should be documented in most package files, yet are mostly only documented in one file.



Click to see the [report of author-reported standards compliance of the package with links to associated lines of code](report.html), which can be re-generated locally by running the [`srr_report()` function](https://docs.ropensci.org/srr/reference/srr_report.html) from within a local clone of the repository.

---


### 2. Package Dependencies

<details>
<summary>Details of Package Dependency Usage (click to open)</summary>
<p>

The table below tallies all function calls to all packages ('ncalls'), both internal (r-base + recommended, along with the package itself), and external (imported and suggested packages). 'NA' values indicate packages to which no identified calls to R functions could be found. Note that these results are generated by an automated code-tagging system which may not be entirely accurate.

|type       |package  | ncalls|
|:----------|:--------|------:|
|imports    |Rcpp     |     NA|
|suggests   |testthat |     NA|
|linking_to |Rcpp     |     NA|

Click below for tallies of functions used in each package. Locations of each call within this package may be generated locally by running 's <- pkgstats::pkgstats(<path/to/repo>)', and examining the 'external_calls' table.



**NOTE:** No imported packages appear to have  associated function calls; please ensure with author that these 'Imports' are listed appropriately.


</p></details>

---


### 3. Statistical Properties

This package features some noteworthy statistical properties which may need to be clarified by a handling editor prior to progressing.

<details>
<summary>Details of statistical properties (click to open)</summary>
<p>

The package has:

- code in C++ (72% in 2 files) and R (28% in 4 files)
- 1 authors
- no  vignette
- no internal data file
- 1 imported package
- 1 exported function (median 3 lines of code)
- 2 non-exported functions in R (median 3 lines of code)
- 2 R functions (median 5 lines of code)

---

Statistical properties of package structure as distributional percentiles in relation to all current CRAN packages
The following terminology is used:

- `loc` = "Lines of Code"
- `fn` = "function"
- `exp`/`not_exp` = exported / not exported

All parameters are explained as tooltips in the locally-rendered HTML version of this report generated by [the `checks_to_markdown()` function](https://docs.ropensci.org/pkgcheck/reference/checks_to_markdown.html)


The final measure (`fn_call_network_size`) is the total number of calls between functions (in R), or more abstract relationships between code objects in other languages. Values are flagged as "noteworthy" when they lie in the upper or lower 5th percentile.

|measure                 | value| percentile|noteworthy |
|:-----------------------|-----:|----------:|:----------|
|files_R                 |     4|       27.8|           |
|files_src               |     2|       78.9|           |
|files_vignettes         |     0|        0.0|TRUE       |
|files_tests             |     2|       66.7|           |
|loc_R                   |    10|        1.7|TRUE       |
|loc_src                 |    26|        2.7|TRUE       |
|loc_tests               |     6|        5.1|           |
|num_vignettes           |     0|        0.0|TRUE       |
|n_fns_r                 |     3|        4.3|TRUE       |
|n_fns_r_exported        |     1|        1.6|TRUE       |
|n_fns_r_not_exported    |     2|        4.4|TRUE       |
|n_fns_src               |     2|       12.0|           |
|n_fns_per_file_r        |     1|        1.8|TRUE       |
|n_fns_per_file_src      |     1|        7.3|           |
|num_params_per_fn       |     0|        0.0|TRUE       |
|loc_per_fn_r            |     3|        2.6|TRUE       |
|loc_per_fn_r_exp        |     3|        3.0|TRUE       |
|loc_per_fn_r_not_exp    |     3|        3.1|TRUE       |
|loc_per_fn_src          |     5|       10.0|           |
|rel_whitespace_R        |    40|        5.0|TRUE       |
|rel_whitespace_src      |    27|        4.9|TRUE       |
|rel_whitespace_tests    |    17|        2.8|TRUE       |
|doclines_per_fn_exp     |     6|        2.3|TRUE       |
|doclines_per_fn_not_exp |     2|      100.0|TRUE       |
|fn_call_network_size    |     1|       11.7|           |

---

</p></details>


### 3a. Network visualisation

Click to see the [interactive network visualisation of calls between objects in package](network.html)

---

### 4. `goodpractice` and other checks

('goodpractice' not included with these checks)

---

<details>
<summary>Package Versions</summary>
<p>

|package  |version |
|:--------|:------|
|pkgstats |42    |
|pkgcheck |42    |
|srr      |42    |

</p>
</details>
